Not a member
I was just speaking for a while
You still take me for a fool, don't you?
I don't have it.
What you said is true.
The person who split Jiang Yurou was buckwheat
Even if he is buckwheat
What does it have to do with you?
She's my wife.
Didn't you send a divorce to Dad Buckwheat long ago?
Do you want to divorce him?
I have never put buckwheat in my heart
Treat it like a real wife
How did you know I sent the divorce papers to Joe's house?
Come on, he feels familiar to me
Especially his voice
Buckwheat told me, of course.
Otherwise, who else could it be?
You lie, buckwheat is ugly and fat, and you have low self-esteem to die for.
I don't even have a friend in reality
Who are you?
Why frame me
Why lie to me?
Ginger down
If you weren't guilty, you would be afraid of being told by me
You admitted it yourself just now
You give buckwheat money to advocate for you
I just made a slip of the tongue
Do you have any evidence?
Who are you?
What's your relationship with buckwheat?
Where is he now?